c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\ShopService.dll.config
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\ShopService.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\ShopService.pdb
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\obj\Debug\ShopService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\obj\Debug\ShopService.dll
c:\users\antko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\obj\Debug\ShopService.pdb
C:\Users\antko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\antko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ShopService\ShopService\bin\StructureMap.xml
